hey this is why gers doing infamous 2
this is a quick trophy guide or return
to sender which is to throw a helicopter
rocket back at it and the first chance
you really get this is in the mission
torn if you choose to do the good side
mission leading the charge during torn
you have to attack a convoy of police
officers well the Cowboys of militia
they're capturing police officers you're
trying to free the police officers and
there'll be a helicopter when you do
it's again this is the good if you
choose the evil I don't know when the
first rocket firing helicopter shows up
for you but here's one for the good side
and take out the convoy just throw
grenades down there you don't have to
keep up with them so you can stay on
this roof and just chill out we just
have to wait for the convoy to show up
Oh editing you don't have to wait
anymore and you can see the helicopter
right there and here comes the convoy
and once you start launching grenades at
the guys on the lead truck that
helicopter is going to come after you
and all you do is just aim down at them
with your l1 and when he fires rockets
wait for them to get you know kind of
close that's super close but you know
close and then hit the X button for
blast to send those rockets back at them
going to get some inside the convoy oh
that was good that's going to kill a
bunch of people
okay so then you also have a power
supply there if you need it I'm loading
up sad thing is 11 rocket is enough to
kill the helicopter you have to do this
like three times and he is going to
shoot at you too so just kind of stay
behind cover keep moving helicopters
really not that good a name ways for it
wait for it and boom that's one rocket
to the face and some reason with this
game the trophies are slow to pop there
you go return to sender gig guide
central we got achievement / trophy
guides full walkthroughs of all the
missions on the good side so far and
also the dead drop locations game guide
central.com thanks for watching